# Link [  https://snack.expo.dev/oPLpka0oC ]

## Understanding Views in React Native

---

We'll explore the basics of Views in React Native, and how they are used to create UI elements for mobile apps.

---

### What is a View?
In React Native, a **View** is a basic building block of UI design. <mark>A View is a rectangular area on the screen that can contain other Views or UI elements</mark>. Views can be styled using JavaScript styles to change their appearance.

---

### Creating a View:

Create a simple View in React Native. In your code editor, import the necessary React Native components:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { View } from 'react-native';
```

Then, create a simple View by using the `<View>` component:

```javascript
const MyView = () => {
  return (
    <View style={{ backgroundColor: 'red', height: 100, width: 100 }} />
  );
};
```

In this code, we're creating a simple View with a red background color, a height of 100 pixels, and a width of 100 pixels. This is just a basic example, but Views can be customized in a wide range of ways.

---

### Styling a View:
As we've seen, Views can be styled using JavaScript styles. Styles can be applied using the `style` prop in the View component. 

Here's an example:
```javascript
<View 
    style={{ 
        backgroundColor: 'red', 
        height: 100, 
        width: 100
    }}>

  <View 
    style={{ 
        backgroundColor: 'blue', 
        height: 50, 
        width: 50
    }} />
</View>
```

In this code, we've created a View with a red background color, and added another View inside it with a blue background color. 

We've also set the height and width of the inner View to 50 pixels. This is just one example of how Views can be used to create complex UI elements.

---

### Conclusion:
we've explored the basics of Views in React Native. 
- We've learned that Views are the basic building blocks of UI design in React Native, and can be used to create a wide range of UI elements. 
- We've also seen how Views can be styled using JavaScript styles to change their appearance. 
- With practice and experimentation, you can use Views to create complex and visually appealing UI elements for your mobile apps.